Clarify double-spend state (#465)
ietf-wg-privacypass/base-drafts: draft-ietf-privacypass-auth-scheme.md

- Context bound to a given time window and client network: Construct redemption
  context as F(current time window, client ASN), where F is a pseudorandom function.

Preventing double spending on tokens requires the origin to keep state
associated with the redemption context. An empty redemption context is not
bound to any property of the client request, so state to prevent double spending

> needs to be stored and shared across all servers that can accept request until

Reviewer: ```suggestion
needs to be stored and shared across all origin servers that can verify and accept requests carrying tokens until
```

token-key expiration or rotation. For a non-empty redemption context, the

> double spend state only needs to be stored across the set of servers that will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
double spend state only needs to be stored across the set of origin servers that will
```
